adds note (#3426)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

When you create a new profile enrollment policy, a policy rule is created by default. This type of policy can only have one policy rule, so it's not possible to create other rules. Instead, consider editing the default one to meet your needs.

> > **Note:** You can't update or delete the base attributes that are required in the default user profile: `email`, `firstName`, or `lastName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You can't update or delete the required base attributes in the default user profile: `email`, `firstName`, or `lastName`.
```

> > **Note:** You can't update or delete the base attributes that are required in the default user profile: Primary email, Last name, or First name.

Author: Thanks, Brian. It's a good suggestion. I cribbed this text from Ian's product docs. so it didn't include the object names.

> > **Note:** You can't update or delete the base attributes that are required in the default user profile: Primary email, Last name, or First name.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You can't update or delete the base attributes that are required in the default user profile: `email`, `firstName`, or `lastName`.
```
